Support NBAs in initial blocks (#7754)
verilator/verilator: docs/guide/warnings.rst

   with a newline."

.. option:: FINALDLY

>    An error that user used delayed assignment in `final` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Error issued when a non-blocking assignment `<=` is used in a 
   `final` block.
   
   This error can be disabled. If disabled, the assignment will be
   executed as a `=` blocking assignment.
```

   .. TODO better example

   Prior 5.050: warns that the code has a delayed assignment inside of
   an ``initial`` or ``final`` block. If this message is suppressed,
   Verilator will convert this to a non-delayed assignment.
   With :vlopt:`--timing`, delayed assignments in ``initial`` blocks
   that also contain a `#` delay control, or `@` even control statement

>    are scheduled as non-blocking assignments. See also :option:`COMBDLY`.

Reviewer: Let's keep consistent with the description of other historical warnings

Plus delete the ` .. TODO better example` above the paragraph.

```suggestion
   Historical, never issued since version 5.050.

   Warns that the code has a delayed assignment inside of an ``initial`` or
   ``final`` block. If this message is suppressed, Verilator will convert
   this to a non-delayed assignment. With :vlopt:`--timing`, delayed
   assignments in ``initial`` blocks that also contain a `#` delay
   control, or `@` even control statement are scheduled as
   non-blocking assignments. See also :option:`COMBDLY`.
```
